Fee-relay tutorial (#110)
omgnetwork/omgnetwork.github.io: docs/network/fee-relay.md

    inputs: [senderUtxo, feeUtxo],
    outputs: [{
      outputType: 1,
      outputGuard: receiver,
      currency: senderUtxo.currency,
      amount: transferAmount
    }],
    metadata: encodedMetadata
  }

  // check payment and fee utxo for change
  checkUtxoForChange(sender, senderUtxo, transferAmount, transactionBody);
  checkUtxoForChange(feePayer, feeUtxo, feeAmount, transactionBody);
  return transactionBody;
}
```

### 5. Submit a relay transaction

The process of submitting a relay transaction is the same as submitting any other transaction, except you pass a custom transaction body created earlier. 

```js
// create a relay transaction
async function transactionRelay() {
  // retrieve fees for a given currency
  const feeAmount = await getFeeAmount(feeCurrency);

  // derive fee payer UTXOs usable for payment
  const feeUtxos = await getUsableUtxos(
    feePayer.address,
    feeCurrency,
    feeAmount
  );

  // derive sender UTXOs usable for payment
  const senderUtxos = await getUsableUtxos(
    sender.address,
    transactionToken,
    transferAmount
  );

  // check how many inputs do you use to cover payment
  if (senderUtxos.length !== 1) {

>     console.log("You can have up to 3 payment inputs to cover the payment. To proceed with transaction, please merge the selected inputs first.");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    console.log("This transaction only supports one payment input. To proceed with transaction, please merge the selected inputs first.");
```
